this is the 2012 running of the Novi
blood stock Craven here Stewart machen
they're off born to surprise half
rearing as the gates opened a little
slow from the stalls for the Novi blood
stock insurance Craven stakes kriyas the
white cap towards the near side away
well track by trumpet major far side
east and the Sun racing out in the
center of the course followed there by
the free going forgotten hero and then
bow for 12 in the green and yellow
Ptolemaic the green cap tracks the
leaders towards the near side from
minstrels gallery who's in that cluster
he's just behind trumpet major cam
penology a stripe sleeve jacket is next
editorial denied admission the nose
batted rear with raven black and now the
groups tend to converge leaving Eastern
Sun rather isolated steering a solo down
the middle of the track at me bleeh
she's chased along and the slow starting
born to surprise is racing in rear so
halfway in the Craven crius under the
fence working across to forgotten hero
and Eastern Sun running that solo
Ptolemaic is next on trumpet major cam
phonology then may bleached the white
jacket now dettori inching a little
closer on the nose banded mighty
ambition upside minstrels gallery
beaufort 12 hard at work from raven
black and born a surprise running down
towards the final quarter mile past the
bushes korea's hominy aside shaken up
from Ptolemaic trumpet made to the red
cap is angled out Easton's on the far
side still on terms then mighty ambition
from forgotten hero trumpet major has
quickened that well grab the lead
outside the furlong kicks a coupla lens
clear from Eastern Sun Korea's Ptolemaic
a mighty ambition trumpet major drifting
across the track but asserting
stretching away Chris and Eastern Sun
chase but chase invade trumpet major
gives wait all round and lands Lecrae
von impressively I want to for Hannon
because Chris is up for second Eastern
Sun is in third and Ptolemaic is in
fourth well well well what appeared an
open looking craven stakes has been
dominated by trumpet major ad has been
dominated by his trainer Richard Hannon
a 12 for the champion trainer is Chris
runs through 4
second and Eastern Sun racing alone for
much of the races finished third but
trumpet major has blown this lot of park
giving weight away to his rivals 922
he's returned and it's completed at
treble for richard hannon